app/vmalert: adds idleConnTimeout flags and retry trivial network errors (#6382)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): allow configuring `-remoteWrite.disableOnDiskQueue` and `-remoteWrite.dropSamplesOnOverload` cmd-line flags per each `-remoteWrite.url`. See this [pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6065). Thanks to @rbizos for implementaion!
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): add labels `path` and `url` to metrics `vmagent_remotewrite_push_failures_total` and `vmagent_remotewrite_samples_dropped_total`. Now number of failed pushes and dropped samples can be tracked per `-remoteWrite.url`.
* FEATURE: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/): add [rate_sum](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/#rate_sum) and [rate_avg](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/#rate_avg) aggregation outputs.

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): adds `datasource.idleConnTimeout`, `remoteWrite.idleConnTimeout` and `remoteRead.idleConnTimeout` flags. Which must reduce probability of `broken pipe` and `connection reset by peer` errors. See this [issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5661) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): add `datasource.idleConnTimeout`, `remoteWrite.idleConnTimeout` and `remoteRead.idleConnTimeout` flags. These flags are set to 50s by default and should reduce the probability of `broken pipe` or `connection reset by peer` errors in vmalert logs. See this [issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5661) for details.
```

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): Adds request retry for trivial network errors, such as `broken pipe` and `connection reset`. See this [issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5661) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): add auto request retry for trivial network errors, such as `broken pipe` and `connection reset` for requests to `remoteRead`, `remoteWrite` and `datasource` URLs. See this [issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5661) for details.
```
